packages/template-app-alloy/js/two-tabbed/README.md, before:

# Titanium Alloy App

Welcome to your new project!

## Quick Start

To build your app, run the Titanium CLI "build" command.

	ti build -p android

	ti build -p ios

## Project Overview

```sh
.
├─ app/
│  ├─ assets/
│  ├─ controllers/
│  ├─ platform/
│  │  ├─ android/
│  │  │  └─ AndroidManifest.xml   # Android SDK settings
│  │  └─ ios/
│  │     └─ Info.plist            # iOS SDK settings
│  ├─ styles/
│  ├─ views/
│  └─ config.json
├─ .gitignore                     # File patterns to exclude from git version control
├─ DefaultIcon-ios.png            # An icon used to generate icons for iOS
├─ DefaultIcon.png                # An icon used to generate icons
├─ package.json                   # npm manifest for registering dependencies
├─ README.md
└─ tiapp.xml                      # Titanium project settings
```

## Documentation

For more information:

 * [Alloy Guide](https://docs.appcelerator.com/platform/latest/#!/guide/Alloy_Framework)
 * [Titanium SDK Guide](https://docs.appcelerator.com/platform/latest/#!/guide/Titanium_SDK)
   * [Getting Started](https://docs.appcelerator.com/platform/latest/#!/guide/Titanium_SDK_Getting_Started)
   * [Welcome To Titanium!](https://docs.appcelerator.com/platform/latest/#!/guide/Welcome_To_Titanium!)
   * [Example Applications](https://docs.appcelerator.com/platform/latest/#!/guide/Example_Applications)
 * [Titanium API](https://docs.appcelerator.com/platform/latest/#!/api/Titanium)

## Getting Help

If you have questions, feel free to reach out on [TiSlack](https://ti-slack.slack.com/) or
[Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/tags/appcelerator).

If you stumble across a bug, please open a [JIRA ticket](https://jira.appcelerator.org/) and let us know!

Commit message:

Cleaned up launch screens, meta files, and readmes.

packages/template-app-alloy/js/two-tabbed/README.md, after:

# Titanium Alloy App

Welcome to your new project!

## Quick Start

To build your app, run the Titanium CLI "build" command.

	ti build -p android

	ti build -p ios

## Project Overview

```sh
.
├─ app/
│  ├─ assets/
│  │  └─ android/                 # Android launch screens
│  ├─ controllers/
│  ├─ platform/
│  │  ├─ android/
│  │  │  └─ AndroidManifest.xml   # Android SDK settings
│  │  └─ ios/
│  │     └─ Info.plist            # iOS SDK settings
│  ├─ styles/
│  ├─ views/
│  └─ config.json
├─ .gitignore                     # File patterns to exclude from git version control
├─ DefaultIcon-ios.png            # An icon used to generate icons for iOS w/ solid background
├─ DefaultIcon.png                # An icon used to generate icons
├─ package.json                   # npm manifest for registering dependencies
├─ README.md
└─ tiapp.xml                      # Titanium project settings
```

## Documentation

For more information:

 * [Alloy Guide](https://docs.appcelerator.com/platform/latest/#!/guide/Alloy_Framework)
 * [Titanium SDK Guide](https://docs.appcelerator.com/platform/latest/#!/guide/Titanium_SDK)
   * [Getting Started](https://docs.appcelerator.com/platform/latest/#!/guide/Titanium_SDK_Getting_Started)
   * [Welcome To Titanium!](https://docs.appcelerator.com/platform/latest/#!/guide/Welcome_To_Titanium!)
   * [Example Applications](https://docs.appcelerator.com/platform/latest/#!/guide/Example_Applications)
 * [Titanium API](https://docs.appcelerator.com/platform/latest/#!/api/Titanium)

## Getting Help

If you have questions, feel free to reach out on [TiSlack](https://ti-slack.slack.com/) or
[Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/tags/appcelerator).

If you stumble across a bug, please open a [JIRA ticket](https://jira.appcelerator.org/) and let us know!
